**Privacy Policy**

_Last Updated: [03/22/2023]_

Welcome to FastTalk! This Privacy Policy describes
how FastTalk ("we," "us," or "our") collects, uses,
and shares information about you when you use our
mobile application ("the App"). We are committed to
protecting your privacy and ensuring that your
personal information is handled in a safe and
responsible manner.

**Information We Collect**

We may collect the following types of information:

Personal Information: When you register or use the
App, we may collect personal information such as your
name, email address, phone number, and other contact
details. Usage Data: We automatically collect
information about your interaction with the App,
including your device information (such as IP
address, device type, operating system), app usage
data, and browsing history. Location Data: With your
permission, we may collect information about your
location to provide location-based services.

**How We Use Your Information**

We use the information we collect for various
purposes, including:

To Provide and Improve Our Services: We use your
information to operate and maintain the App, respond
to your requests, and improve our services. To
Communicate with You: We may use your contact
information to send you updates, notifications, and
other important information related to the App. To
Personalize Your Experience: We may use your
information to personalize your experience and
provide content and features tailored to your
interests. For Security and Fraud Prevention: We use
your information to protect our users and the App
from fraud, abuse, and other malicious activities.

**How We Share Your Information**

We may share your information in the following
situations:

With Service Providers: We may share your information
with third-party service providers who perform
services on our behalf, such as data analysis,
hosting, and customer support. For Legal Reasons: We
may disclose your information if required to do so by
law or in response to valid requests by public
authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).
Business Transfers: In the event of a merger,
acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our
assets, your information may be transferred as part
of that transaction.

**Your Choices**

You have several choices regarding your information:

Access and Update: You can access and update your
personal information through the App's settings or by
contacting us. Opt-Out: You can opt-out of receiving
promotional communications from us by following the
instructions in those communications or by contacting
us directly. Location Data: You can disable location
services on your device if you do not want us to
collect location data.

**Security**

We take reasonable measures to protect your
information from unauthorized access, loss, misuse,
or alteration. However, please be aware that no
security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

**Children's Privacy**

Our App is not intended for use by children under the
age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal
information from children under 13. If we become
aware that we have inadvertently collected personal
information from a child under 13, we will take steps
to delete such information promptly.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new
Privacy Policy on the App and updating the "Last
Updated" date. You are advised to review this Privacy
Policy periodically for any changes.

**Data Retention**

We will retain your personal information for as long
as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this
Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is
required or permitted by law. If you request deletion
of your account or personal information, we may
retain certain information as required by law or for
legitimate business purposes. Upon deletion of your
account, we will securely dispose of or anonymize
your personal information to prevent unauthorized
access or use.

**Third-Party Links**

The App may contain links to third-party websites or
services that are not owned or controlled by us. We
are not responsible for the privacy practices or
content of these third-party sites or services. We
encourage you to review the privacy policies of any
third-party sites or services that you visit.

**International Data Transfers**

Your information, including personal data, may be
transferred to — and maintained on — computers
located outside your state, province, country, or
other governmental jurisdiction where the data
protection laws may differ from those of your
jurisdiction. By using the App, you consent to such
transfers of information.

**Consent to Processing**

By using the App or providing us with your
information, you consent to the processing and
transfer of your information in accordance with this
Privacy Policy.

**California Privacy Rights**

If you are a California resident, you may have
additional rights under the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA). Please see our California Privacy
Notice for more information about your rights and how
to exercise them.

**European Economic Area (EEA) Users' Rights**

If you are located in the EEA, you may have certain
rights under the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) regarding the processing of your personal
data. Please see our EEA Privacy Notice for more
information about your rights and how to exercise
them.

**Interpretation**

Any capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy
Policy have the meanings set forth in our Terms of
Service.

Thank you for taking the time to review our Privacy
Policy. If you have any further questions or
concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us using
the information provided above.

_FastTalk_
_sarmisegetusa 43/2_
_rodionciobanu44@gmail.com_
_+373 078314350_

By using the App, you agree to the terms of this
Privacy Policy.